Simplification of the CLI and better user experience (#188)
mesg-foundation/js-sdk: packages/cli/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/js-sdk/releases/tag/%40mesg%2Fcli%40X.X.X)

#### Breaking Changes

> - [#188](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/js-sdk/pull/188) Rewrite of the CLI, new UX for dev commands and command deleted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#188](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/js-sdk/pull/188) Rewrite of the CLI, new UX for dev commands, and deletion of many commands
```

This is a major breaking change on the CLI.

> The following commands are deleted:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following commands have been deleted:
```

- `daemon:logs`
- `daemon:start`
- `daemon:status`
- `daemon:stop`
- `process:compile`
- `process:create`
- `process:delete`
- `process:detail`
- `process:list`
- `process:logs`
- `service:compile`
- `service:create`
- `service:detail`
- `service:list`
- `service:logs`
- `service:start`
- `service:stop`

> Commands `service:dev` and `process:dev` are now smarter and automatically start a local environment all set up with a default account for local development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Commands `service:dev` and `process:dev` are automatically start a local environment already set up with a default account for local development.
```
